Refactoring_Script_file_added_to_startup-related_Registry_keys (#41272)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexResponseAndRemediation/ReleaseNotes/1_2_11.md

#### Playbooks

##### Script file added to startup-related Registry keys

- Replaced the 'file' command with the 'file-enrichment' command.
- Replaced the 'core-get-script-execution-results' and the 'core-run-script-execute-commands' commands with the 'core-execute-command' script.

> - Added conditional task to checks if there a script SHA-256 that needs to be blocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a conditional task to check if there is a script SHA-256 that needs to be blocked.
```

Author: Done
